README.md, before:

# CDACS_Github-Tutorial
This repository is meant to help onboard new contributors to the UI CDACS organization. It will contain the expected standards for respositories, links to resources, and helpful tips. 

## Naming Conventions
{project_name}-{type}

Examples:

scarecro-system 

(Project Name: scarecro, type: system)

### Types:
- API
- library
- system
- driver 
- tutorial 
- etc 

## Repository Structure 
Your repository should have two main folders: 
- **docs**: This should be where your documentation goes. We recommend writing your documentation in markdown as it is easy to translate to other formats. However, implementing the documentation is up to you. We make this in a separate folder to maintain consistent organization and in case you are writing a project where it would not make sense to download the documentation along with the source code. 
- **code** / **source** / **src** / **project-specific name**: Where your source code for the project goes. 

## Documentation 
Your main README file should do the following:
- Explain the **purpose** of the project 
- Explain the **structure** of the repository 
- **Provide or Link to Documentation** for the following:
    - Project dependencies
    - How to install the project 
    - Relevant tutorials 

## Topics
We recommend tagging the repository with its **intended use**. 
Common topics in the CIIR to tag your repo with include:
- manufacturing
- robotics
- internet-of-things
- precision-agriculture 
- etc.


## Tutorials

Commit message:

Added link to CDACS template

README.md, after:

# CDACS_Github-Tutorial
This repository is meant to help onboard new contributors to the UI CDACS organization. It will contain the expected standards for respositories, links to resources, and helpful tips. 

## Naming Conventions
{project_name}-{type}

Examples:

scarecro-system 

(Project Name: scarecro, type: system)

### Types:
- API
- library
- system
- driver 
- tutorial 
- etc 

## Repository Structure 
Your repository should have two main folders: 
- **docs**: This should be where your documentation goes. We recommend writing your documentation in markdown as it is easy to translate to other formats. However, implementing the documentation is up to you. We make this in a separate folder to maintain consistent organization and in case you are writing a project where it would not make sense to download the documentation along with the source code. 
- **code** / **source** / **src** / **project-specific name**: Where your source code for the project goes. 

## Documentation 
Your main README file should do the following:
- Explain the **purpose** of the project 
- Explain the **structure** of the repository 
- **Provide or Link to Documentation** for the following:
    - Project dependencies
    - How to install the project 
    - Relevant tutorials 

## Topics
We recommend tagging the repository with its **intended use**. 
Common topics in the CIIR to tag your repo with include:
- manufacturing
- robotics
- internet-of-things
- precision-agriculture 
- etc.

## Template
A good starting point is the [CDACS Github Template, linked here](https://github.com/UofI-CDACS/CDACS-Template) which you can clone and fill out. 

## Tutorials
